[DPE-7242] Add multi-cluster refresh docs (#690)
canonical/mysql-operator: docs/how-to/refresh/index.md

## Supported refreshes

```{eval-rst}
+------------+------------+----------+------------+
| From                    | To                    |
+------------+------------+----------+------------+
| Charm      | MySQL      | Charm    | MySQL      |
| revision   | Version    | revision | Version    |
+============+============+==========+============+
| 366, 367   | ``8.0.41`` |          |            |
+------------+------------+----------+------------+
| 312, 313   | ``8.0.39`` | 366, 367 | ``8.0.41`` |
+------------+------------+----------+------------+
| 240        | ``8.0.36`` | 366, 367 | ``8.0.41`` |
|            |            +----------+------------+
|            |            | 312, 313 | ``8.0.39`` |
+------------+------------+----------+------------+
| 196        | ``8.0.34`` | None     |            |
+------------+------------+----------+------------+
| 151        | ``8.0.32`` | 240      | ``8.0.36`` |
|            |            +----------+------------+
|            |            | 196      | ``8.0.34`` |
+------------+------------+----------+------------+
```

> Due to an upstream issue with MySQL Server version `8.0.35`, Charmed MySQL versions below [Revision 240](https://github.com/canonical/mysql-operator/releases/tag/rev240) **cannot** be refreshed beyond [Revision 196](https://github.com/canonical/mysql-operator/releases/tag/rev196).

Reviewer: We can probably simplify this by stating the following:

```suggestion
Due to an upstream issue with MySQL Server version `8.0.35`, Charmed MySQL versions below [Revision 240](https://github.com/canonical/mysql-operator/releases/tag/rev240) **cannot** be upgraded using Juju's `refresh`.
```
